I was originally going to use some futures data I had kicking around, and have the 
parse/load for that, however, Dennis Shasha's Fintime thing is vastly superior, 
because it can be distributed and jury rigged to do other things, and because 
he's a professor who helped invent KDB who knows what a TSDB benchmark 
should look like better than I do.

http://cs.nyu.edu/shasha/fintime.html

It's an ancient benchmark, but it looks quite useful, and is related to the TPC-D/H 
benchmarks somehow.

Ultimately, what I'd like to do here is set this up for Kerf, then several other common 
things, and demonstrate how Kerf beats the pants off of these other tools.

 We suggest 3 scale factors, namely, 50,000 securities, 100,000 securities, and 1,000,000 securities, all for 4,000 days. These roughly correspond to all equity securities in the US, all equity securities in the G7 countries and all equity securities in the world.

./histgen 2000 5000
/*2000 equities 5000 days*/
 
tickgen n 20 t 20 d 30
/*20 scale 20 ticks 30 days*/


1. Get the closing price of a set of 10 stocks for a 10-year period
   and group into weekly, monthly and yearly aggregates. For each
   aggregate period determine the low, high and average closing price
   value. The output should be sorted by id and trade date.


2. Adjust all prices and volumes (prices are multiplied by the split
   factor and volumes are divided by the split factor) for a set of
   1000 stocks to reflect the split events during a specified 300 day
   period, assuming that events occur before the first trade of the
   split date. These are called split-adjusted prices and volumes.


3. For each stock in a specified list of 1000 stocks, find the
   differences between the daily high and daily low on the day of each
   split event during a specified period.


4. Calculate the value of the S&P500 and Russell 2000 index for a
   specified day using unadjusted prices and the index composition of
   the 2 indexes (see appendix for spec) on the specified day


5. Find the 21-day and 5-day moving average price for a specified list
   of 1000 stocks during a 6-month period. (Use split adjusted prices)

6. (Based on the previous query) Find the points (specific days) when
   the 5-month moving average intersects the 21-day moving average for
   these stocks. The output is to be sorted by id and date.


7. Determine the value of $100,000 now if 1 year ago it was invested
   equally in 10 specified stocks (i.e. allocation for each stock is
   $10,000). The trading strategy is: When the 20-day moving average
   crosses over the 5-month moving average the complete allocation for
   that stock is invested and when the 20-day moving average crosses
   below the 5-month moving average the entire position is sold. The
   trades happen on the closing price of the trading day.



8. Find the pair-wise coefficients of correlation in a set of 10
   securities for a 2 year period. Sort the securities by the
   coefficient of correlation, indicating the pair of securities
   corresponding to that row. [Note: coefficient of correlation
   defined in appendix]



9. Determine the yearly dividends and annual yield (dividends/average
   closing price) for the past 3 years for all the stocks in the
   Russell 2000 index that did not split during that period. Use
   unadjusted prices since there were no splits to adjust for.


  appendix:   S&P/Russell indices. The composition of these indexes
   can be generated by randomly selecting 500 and 2000 distinct
   securities at random uniformly and without replacement from the
   universe of  securities.

For the tick piece:
1. Get all ticks for a specified set of 100 securities for a specified
   three hour time period on a specified trade date.

2. Determine the volume weighted price of a security considering only
   the ticks in a specified three hour interval


3. Determine the top 10 percentage losers for the specified date on
   the specified exchanges sorted by percentage loss. The loss is
   calculated as a percentage of the last trade price of the previous
   day.

4. Determine the top 10 most active stocks for a specified date sorted
   by cumulative trade volume by considering all trades

5. Find the most active stocks in the "COMPUTER" industry (use SIC code)

6. Find the 10 stocks with the highest percentage spreads. Spread is
   the difference between the last ask-price and the last
   bid-price. Percentage spread is calculated as a percentage of the
   mid-point price (average of ask and bid price).



